RATINGS :
1. Job Knowledge: Demonstrated a strong understanding of Java development principles 
	and consistently applied them to deliver high-quality results.
	
2. Work Quality: I consistently maintain a high level of accuracy and attention to detail in all my tasks.
3. Attendance and Punctuality: I consistently maintain excellent attendance and punctuality, 
	ensuring I am present and ready to contribute to the team's success.
4. Productivity: I consistently demonstrate a high level of productivity by efficiently completing tasks 
	and consistently meeting or exceeding goals.

5. Communication and Listening: I communicate clearly and listen attentively, ensuring effective and 
	smooth communication with my team and others involved in the work.
6. Dependability: Consistently demonstrated reliability and accountability in meeting deadlines 
	and fulfilling responsibilities.
OR 
	Dependability: I am consistently reliable and responsible, always fulfilling my duties 
	and meeting expectations with trustworthiness and accountability.
	
	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Question 1: Do you feel connected to the company's values and mission?

Strongly Agree: I strongly feel connected to the company's values and mission, and they align with my own beliefs and goals.

Question 2: Do you feel that the company values your work and contributions?

Agree: I agree that the company values my work and contributions. I receive acknowledgement and feedback that indicate my efforts are appreciated.

3rd question : Are you satisfied with the job security that the company provides
Agree: I am satisfied with the job security that the company provides.

4th Question : Does your manager value your feedback/suggestions?
Agree: My manager values my feedback/suggestions.

5th Question : Do you feel connected to your co workers
Agree: I feel connected to my coworkers.

6th Question : How frequently do you feel stressed or burnt out to you work ?
Occasionally: I occasionally feel stressed or burnt out due to my work.

7th question : Do you think you have a good work life balance in your current position at the company.
Yes: I believe I have a good work-life balance in my current position at the company.

8th Question : How likely is it that you would recommend this company to your friends, family or others?
Likely: I am likely to recommend this company to my friends, family, or others.

